fix(OTEL): audit of OTEL docs (#18627)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-data-overview.mdx

  - /docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-data-overview
---

> OpenTelemetry offers a versality ecoststem fir instrumentation and telemetry, which can be integrated seamlessly with New Relic through the [OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP)](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otlp/). This guide provides an overview of how New Relic processes and ingests OTLP data, helping you to efficiently monitor and observe your systems.

Author: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry offers a versality ecoststem for instrumentation and telemetry, which can be integrated seamlessly with New Relic through the [OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP)](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otlp/). This guide provides an overview of how New Relic processes and ingests OTLP data to help you to efficiently monitor and observe your systems.
```
